WEEK 1
1. Joined to the group and we choose the e-commerce project.
2. Joined the webcms group and jira. 
3. Because one of our group members has a timetable clash, we need to switch from the original lab session H18A to another lab session W16A.
4. Started to make proposal, I discussed with the team all technical details that we can use for the project and explore the availability of different technologies.
5. Determined to use VUE as front-end technology.
6. Planed to end all parts of purposal before Wed week3.

WEEK 2
1. Finalized our backend technical stacks (Django + SQLite).
2. Planed to have team meeting at least 3 times a week.
3. Continue to work on user stories and epics part of the proposal with my team.
4. Had a meeting to check and fix all of the user stories with my team. 
5. I finished all of the basic UI design for the first sprint and put the UI diagrams in purposal.
6. We had meeting to discuss and determine the final version of the user stories and epics.

WEEK 3
1. I finished ER and Relational Model diagram and put them in the purposal.
2. Had a meeting to discuss the final version of the puposal.
3. Improved the flow chart diagram with Minghao Cai and Wenxin Ma.
4. Improved the UML diagram with Kaiyu Chen and Tianchen Ma.
5. Discussed with tutor about the our purposal and got a lot of feedback. 
6. Improved the database layer of system architecture.
7. We plan to start the sprint1 and finish sprint 1 before Monday of week4.

Week 4
1. I finished build the Django backend frame.
2. I finished build the Django Sqlite database.
3. I finished the backend part of the function "view product details" (user version).
4. I finished the backend part of the function "get user interest to database".
5. I finished the backend part of the function "user add the product to cart".

Week 5
1. We had a meeting to connect the backend and frontend, and improve something imperfect.
2. Before the Demo A, we had a meeting to check everything is alright and have a rehearse for demo A.
3. We discussed and finished the Retrospective A.
4. We discussed the feedback from Yu, improve the points that Yu mentioned. 
5. Then we assigned the new tasks (included the improvement and sprint2) to everyone and plan to finish sprint2 before the Monday of week7. 

Week 6 
1. I finished the backend part of the function "view cart". (cart management)
2. I finished the backend part of the function "edit cart product quantity".(cart management)
3. I finished the backend part of the function "remove cart product".(cart management)

Week 7
1. Kevin (Kaiyu Chen) wanted to rebuild the order part of database, but he met some issues and asked me about that. 
   Then I fixed the database and rebuild the part.
2. I finished the backend part of the function "view all order".
3. We discussed and improved the Retrospective A based on Yu's feedback.
4. We discussed the issues about the connection between frontend and backend, then fixed them.
5. We planned to have the meeting on Week8 Monday and finished all thing in sprint2. And we also planned to start the final repornt on Week9.

Week 8
1. We had a meeting to connect the backend and frontend, and improve something imperfect.
2. Before the Demo B, we had a meeting to check everything is alright and have a rehearse for demo B.
3. We discussed and finished the Retrospective B.
4. We discussed the feedback of Retrospective A from Yu, improve the points that Yu mentioned in Retrospective B. 
5. Then we assigned the new tasks (included the improvement and sprint3) to everyone and plan to finish sprint3 in one week. 
6. I finished the backend part of the function "change_username". (user information)
7. I finished the backend part of the function "share_order". (Novel functionality)

Week 9
1. I wrote the description of the share order function.
2. I finished the backend part of the function "get_search_reslut". (Search & search result)
3. I improved some issues that Yu mentioned in demoB, improved the backend code to return product's picture in view order and cart function.
4. We plan to start the final report and finish it before the deadline.
5. I finished the ER diagram in final report.
6. I finished improve the recommendation algorithm based on search, change it to get data via database instead of global variable.
7. I finished add a sales data sorting function of admin product management in backend. Then the admin can sort the products based on sales data.
8. I improved the search algorithm and after improving, the search can revieve multiple words split by space and do the search.
9. I changed the layout of the admin product management page in frontend.
10. I tested the project in VLAB and wirte the user manual (set up), user setup guid, readme.md to show how to set up the project (in VLAB).

Week 10
1. I fixed some bugs of the recommendation algorithm.
2. I changed the layout of the search result page in frontend.
3. We had the meeting and discussed about the sturcture of demo.
4. I changed the layout of the search result page.
5. I changed some button layout in the frontend.
6. I improved the search algorithm in the backend.
7. We had a meeting and checked all thing about demo.
8. On Monday wk10, we found the admin cannot see all order, we didn't add this function to the project, 
  but this function is mentioned by Specification of E-Commerce Recommender System, so we just simply add it. 
  But we did not have enough time to improve this function's detail. 
  This happened because we didn't notice that when we wrote the proposal and build the database. And this may impact the admin user's use experiences.
 
