Week 1
Group formed. But there are a series of issues during the team formation. One of our group members has a timetable clash, so we need to switch from the original lab session H18A to another lab session W16A. In addition, we have one more new group member joined. I created the WebCMS3 group and Jira project and invited group members and the mentor. We started to write the proposal. Together with Tianchen Yang, we wrote the user story and sprints section of the proposal. I also discussed with the team all technical details that we can use for the project. We also plan to explore the availability of different technologies. We plan to finish the technical section of the proposal next week once we finalize the technical stack.

Week 2
We finalized our backend technical stacks (Django + SQLite). We have meetings on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Our group continues working on the user stories and acceptance criteria. Previously our proposal is on Microsoft Office 365 Word, but the user experience is awful. We switch to Google Docs this week. Previously we split user stories based on web pages incorrectly. We add epic stories and reorder the user stories by epic stories. We also add story points, priority and difficulty to each user story. Together with Tianchen Yang, we drew the UML diagram. I and Tianchen plan to finish the system architecture graph next Monday. Our group plans to have a final review before next Wednesday Lab session.

Week 3
Together with Tianchen Yang, we drew the system architecture graph. We had a meeting to review the proposal on Tuesday. We identified several issues such as UML redundancy. Together with Tianchen Yang and Hanqing Guan, we updated the UML diagram. On Wednesday, the mentor reviewed our proposal and provided many valuable feedbacks. I updated the business layer part of the system architecture graph. I submitted the proposal on Thursday. Our group plans to start to code the project next week and have a meeting about API specifications.

Week 4
Hanqing set up the Django framework and connected it to the SQLite3 database. Based on the Django framework, I finished user register/login/logout/change_password/forget_password and admin login/logout. In addition, I set up the Django framework URLs settings and encapsulated backend results in the HTTP response. On Saturday, we have a meeting about the connection between the backend and frontend. There was a setting that Cross-origin resource sharing was not enabled in Django and this issue took us about one hour to solve. On Saturday and Sunday, we are working on connecting the backend API to the frontend. But the work is still not finished, we expected it would be finished before the Progressive Demo A. Our group plans to finish Sprint 1 as soon as possible before the demo, conduct our retrospective meeting as soon as possible after the demo and start to work on Sprint 2.

Week 5
On Tuesday, we had a meeting to complete the frontend and backend connections for Sprint 1. We also did a pre-demo to prepare for Wednesday's Progressive Demo A. On Wednesday, we did Progressive Demo A with our mentor. After Progressive Demo A, we conducted Retrospective A, which provided an opportunity to showcase Sprint 1 user stories that have not yet been demonstrated, and how well we had developed functionality to support these. Our team collaborated to work on the retrospective report and I submitted it afterwards. We also started Sprint 2 and assigned tasks to each team member. We plan to fix the issues identified in Progressive Demo A and Retrospective A before working on the Sprint 2 function implementations.

Week 7
On Tuesday, I implemented the order placement and payment functionality. But there was a database migration issue and the new data model could not be recognized. I left this problem to Hanqing to solve. On Wednesday, the updated data model was available. I fully tested the API for order placement and payment, and also completed the API documentation and sent it to the frontend team members for collaboration. On Wednesday, we also had a meeting about the next steps to do. The backend team is almost done with the Sprint 2 user stories and is waiting for the frontend to progress. However, there are still a few minor issues regarding the user experience that need attention in our ongoing implementation. We plan to have the Spint 2 frontend and backend completed on time for Progressive Demo B next Wednesday.

Week 8
We had a meeting on Tuesday to finish the frontend and backend connections for Sprint 2. We did Progressive Demo B with our mentor on Wednesday. We found an issue with salesdata that was not identified in the previous tests and I fixed it. Following Progressive Demo B, we held Retrospective A, which allowed us to highlight Sprint 2 user stories that had not yet been demonstrated, as well as how well we had developed functionality to support these. Our team worked together to complete the retrospective report, which I then turned in. We also began Sprint 3 by assigning tasks to each team member. We intend to address the issues raised in Progressive Demo B and Retrospective B before beginning work on Sprint 3 function implementations.

Week 9
On Monday and Tuesday, I wrote the recommendation system with Tianchen and also wrote the relevance sorting strategy for the search function. On Tuesday, I improved the code style of the user auth/address_book/email_robot_interest part of the backend project. On Thursday, Tianchen and I improved the recommendation system that interconnects with the search system. We finished the frontend and backend of Sprint 3 on time before the weekend. On Friday, we started to write the final report, as well as improve the user experience of the frontend. We plan to finish the project report on time by next Thursday. We also plan to practice the Final Demo by next week.

Week 10
We met 4 times this week to practice the Final Demo and project report. I was responsible for the search and order history sections of the demo. In addition, I was responsible for the overview, third-party API, and reference sections of the project report. On Wednesday morning, we did another prep demo for the afternoon demo and we did find some issues and successfully resolved them. We are confident that the project report will be submitted on time.
