WEEK 1
Formed a group, We had a meeting to discuss which project to choose, at the same time we invited a new member to join our group.
Join the webcms group and jira. swich from H18A to W16A
Start to make proposal, I search the E-Commerce Recommender System imformation and write the background with Minghao.
Determined to use VUE as front-end technology.

WEEK 2
We discuess the functional requirements of the project.And we begin to write the epic and user story.
I write the User Authorization and Order section of user story. And I fixed the user story many times.
We had meeting to discuss and determine the final version of the user story.
I start to draw the flow chart with Minghao.


WEEK 3
I completed the flow chart with Minghao and discussed with the other group member about what needs to be improved, and modified the flow chart.
We had a meet with totur and got the advice about proposal from tutor and improve the proposal.
We assigned tasks based on sprint and workload and limitations. 

WEEK 4
I started to create front-end code with Minghao
The VUE framework is set up
Finished login, signup, logout, userprofile, product basic and function1 code.
Packed up API and connected to backend
Finished Address and forgotpassword base code
Optimize router push
Improve user experience
We have meeting to discuss how the project going.

WEEK 5
Interest functional code done.
Address add functional code done.
Require users to double input passwords when users signup.
Add check for data validation.
Improve web page aesthetics.
We have meeting to discuss how the project going.

WEEK 6
Change features according to Retrospective.
Finish admin page.
We have meeting to discuss how the project going.
inprove the code style and quility to fix bugs.

WEEK 7
Manageproduct functional code done.
Order functional code down.
css code down.
Add email check for sign up.
Add picture for product.
Improve web page aesthetics.
We have meeting to discuss how the project going.

WEEK8
Home recommendation system done.
Search functional code done.
Finished userchange function.
Finished Data cheak and validation.
Improve user experience.
We have meeting to discuss how the project going.

WEEK9
Change the pages layout.
Plan to start report.
I finished add a sales data sorting function of admin product management in frontend. Then the admin can sort the products based on sales data.
I changed the layout of the admin product management page in frontend.
Test in vlab and chage the code style let the page can have good performance in valab.
Clear code and make it in a good structure and add the comment.
We have meeting to discuss how the project going.

WEEK10
Improve the page aesthetics.
Add the manage view order function.
Change addressbook layout.
Complete the final report, change background change flow chart and complete the user manual.
Prepare demo meeting for discussion.
Check and Debug for every function.





